something very interesting is going on
right now in the financial system we are
at a Crossroads and I'm going to show
you some uh disparity in the information
that you must pay attention to we have
retirement accounts that are at stake we
have people savings that are being
gambled with and of course this all
unravels very rapidly let me show you
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you in today's video we
are going to start with this the IMF now
obious obviously the IMF for anyone who
has read economic Hitman confessions of
economic Hitman you would know about the
IMF certainly but what they do what they
talk about with their reports and things
I actually find that I tend to agree
with it Solutions on the other hand
different story IMF has a gloomy outlook
for the world economy without a course
correction we are indeed headed for the
tepid 20s and basically just saying look
you did so much you squeezed out all the
growth
and now we are not expecting that growth
come on why because you can't print your
way to growth in fact you rob the future
when you print that money you basically
take the future and bring it into the
present and you keep doing that over and
over and over again you cannot expect
real growth you can have paper growth
but not real growth and that of course
is where we need to
begin even the world economic forum is
saying we haven't seen this kind of debt
since the nap Napoleonic Wars I
mean crazy right he said the governments
needed to consider how to reduce the
debt and take the right fiscal measures
without getting into a situation where
it kicks off a recession He also
mentioned persistent inflationary
pressures and that generative artificial
intelligence could be an opportunity hey
so okay what had
been helicopter Ben you remember him
okay fantastic guy what did he say well
basically that you don't need to worry
about debt what you need to worry about
is growth and I'm pretty sure Janet
Gillan said this as
well what they want to achieve is more
growth because if you can just grow well
then the debt is somehow manageable
they're never going to get out of debt
that's a simple matter of fact m the
vast majority of the people watching
this video know what money is today
money is simply now you know a debt
instrument we are being told that
everything is safe and secure don't
worry about it but when you you know
want to get money it is created out of
thin air at your
Banks not to mention the way that the
central banks work how they are able to
basically do whatever they want at any
time so there's no getting out of debt
and so always the proposed solution is
that don't worry about it we just need
to grow more and so they throw these
ideas out there in order to get this
growth going we need this we need that
well that's fine in a sense but let's be
honest you can't just have the new
flashy thing of the day the shiny object
for everybody to chase because
eventually that runs out you you need
something real tangible you need
something that can actually carry you
into the next decade not just ideas we
need something
real private equity's latest tradeit the
financial futures of millions of
retirees this is showing us that
insurers Holdings of riskier assets
after they get acquired by a private
Equity Firm compared to traditional
insurers I just find it interesting the
way that things happen and unfold that
as time goes on more risk is being taken
there was once a time in which we saw
you know bonds being considered a safe
haven and equities were riskier so you
want to own a lot of bonds in your
portfolio and now overtime bonds are
basically going away and stocks are
taking over more but now we have all
kinds of financial instruments d
derivatives there's derivatives on the
weather okay this is not like an unusual
thing like there's just there's
derivatives based on the
weather in addition to all the weather
modification kind of interesting uh
correlation there but anyway I didn't
say that a Brisk new trade in the
financial futures of millions of
retirees is unnerving some us workers
regulators and politicians who worry
that private Equity firms will invest
corporate pensions recklessly oh would
would they ever do that oh my goodness
they didn't do that oh no 2007 2008 they
were so you know they cared so much they
weren't careless at all recent lawsuits
talking about this casting a broader
Spotlight on private equities push into
new corners of
Finance this is what we have to deal
with you got to understand that there
will be the case in which your services
are
slashed and your cost
of everything goes up that's the that's
where we are today if you want to know
like freeze time and then you know sort
of let's take a trip into the future
we're going to look back at this moment
here what are we going to see all this
is the time in which we lost a lot of
the things we were used to and then the
cost kept Rising you can call it you
know a bit of stag flate a bit of George
Orwell whatever a little bit of
everything not a good take FSB calls on
hedge funds and commodities traders to
hold more liquid assets so you're
getting that okay Global policy makers
recommendations focus on the need for
capacity to meet margin calls in case of
Market shocks right stock market you
better hold stuff that's liquid you
better hold stuff that you can sell on
right away instead what was happening
during um you know a little while ago
when they started to increase interest
rates what we saw with Silicon Valley
Bank and what we saw with others was
that oh they had taken a bunch of you
know I don't want to say risks but it
was mortgage back security so I would
call that risky but essentially they
were buying up stuff that they needed to
in order to get a
return and what happened here
was that interest rates Rose they
weren't expecting it then they dealt
with these problems that they need some
liquidity there they need some liquidity
right but what do the rich people do
what do the very rich people do are they
doing that no I brought this up oh
you'll see this right here New York's
Rich get creative flee state taxes
Auditors are onto them so people are
trying to get around it they're like let
me uh you know fly down to Florida for a
little a while I'll try to get over
there I'll get the flight they talk
about basically the flight that's uh 15
minutes after midnight because they want
to be able to you know make sure that
they stay ahead of this Puerto Rico same
thing right but they're cracking down
all all of it and they're making sure
that people don't take advantage of this
system they want to make sure people are
not just paying their taxes but that
they're squashed that's what it's all
about when you look at it a little bit
more
carefully
now I'm going to show
you at the end of this video I'm going
to show you where the rich are putting
their money I ask you something where's
the beef right where's the
beef
um but I want to show you where's the
action where's the growth in this case
is it all negative well no no factories
around the world are slowly cranking
into gear again us and China lead nent
activity recovery and Germany improves
Wisconsin producer has really good
pipeline in the work for
2024 so you don't get too much you know
us growth in that respect but a lot of
companies like if you're producing
supplements for instance you're not
making that in China you're making that
in the United States if you're producing
skincare products you might very well be
producing that in the United States
States so that's where we could see the
growth certainly um semiconductors are
getting a boost but trying to compare
that to you know Taiwan that's not even
close uh but that's that that's a good
that's a good thing digital ad Market is
finally on the menend bouncing back from
the dark days of 2022 meta alphabet and
snap all reported first quarter results
this week that bet estimates showing an
acceleration in average in growth people
don't want to advertise if they think
the uh recession is here the recession
is coming and people are not going to
spend so ads are actually a good
indication of the sentiment being felt
from the business side but they're
looking at the consumer right they want
to advertise to people who want to buy
their stuff so that's a good sign that's
great good stuff and you could see the
corporations there's a few things I want
to note with this
number one just the fact that that these
are the top us corporations number of
employees Walmart 2.1 million Amazon 1.5
million yes they may have laid people
off at Amazon or whatever but compared
to the 1.5 million that they have it's
very small you could look at UPS and
Home Depot Target all these other
companies Starbucks and so on these
groups have a lot of people so we need
to pay attention to them and understand
and that they move the needle a lot so
let's keep an eye on the big
corporations to see what they are doing
if they start layoffs whatever we need
to understand that that will have a
domino effect because if Walmart is
laying people off other retailers might
be doing the same thing understand so we
we pay attention to that so these are
the just the companies there for you to
understand now you wait till the end of
the video where are the rich putting
their money are they investing in
Walmart are they investing in
Amazon actually
no here's where the world's top
0.001% are putting their money according
to wealth experts and by the way Finance
Friday we already talked about this but
now after the fact um I get I'll put
that up here on the uh YouTube you could
see they're talking about the rich
people
they're largely concentrated in New York
Bay the Bay Area Los Angeles London and
Beijing but they don't invest in getrich
quick things El liquid things today
getrich quick they're talking about a
few things uh what they were saying was
they a lot of them don't have stocks or
at least a majority of their net worth
is not in stocks what are they buying
what are they investing in they've got
real estate they've got art they've got
things that for the most part people
just they just can't afford they can't
get into we're talking about people with
enormous wealth I'm not talking about
somebody who has $10 million okay we're
talking about enormous wealth so real
estate specifically Class A Properties
the high-end Properties multifam Real
Estate the stuff that is going to be
there in 10 years they're not going to
have trouble with their rents but maybe
their you know their return on their
Investments not super high they don't
care they're just trying to preserve
their wealth make some money certainly
beat inflation certainly but not have to
worry about it family offices as
investment vehicles are talking about
that alternative assets as well
Alternatives could be a lot of different
things could be art it could be you know
bottles of wine all that stuff and as
they talk about here sports teams sports
teams so any of these other kind of
things and I'm I'm seeing that com in a
lot from uh the Saudi Investment fund is
doing a lot of this they're going out
there they're buying sports teams
they're buying like all these different
things they're doing this kind of
alternative
investment for different reasons but
that's one example right just a a whole
bunch of money just hey we're going to
throw it here we're going to throw it
there we're going to try this we're
going to try that that different
scenario a lot of it is El liquid El
liquid you might say we just heard that
we need
liquidity you've always heard you want
something to be liquid but the rich are
doing something totally different sure
not all the rich people there's some
rich people that are entirely based in
stocks but what we're seeing here we're
talking about people with money families
with money what are they doing they're
playing a very different game
interesting right all right I wanted to
let you know that all of this stuff in
depth we go into it in the finance
Friday live Zoom class with me a small
group of people where we go for two
hours if you can't make the live class
although I do appreciate you know the
lives there there's a group of people
that they just can't make it uh
different time zones or whatever so they
get the recordings of this so thank you
very much by the way shout outs to the F
Finance Friday and if you're like I need
to make money I don't have you know $100
million well what we talk about on the
Sunday business live is how to make
money starting in an online business
that's what this is all about it's at
the beginning stages if you're
completely new to it that's okay we talk
about it from day one day one type stuff
I help everybody get off the ground I
want to see you as part of that there's
a link in the description below and you
can get that I hope to see you there if
you found this video informative hit
that Thumbs Up Button why why where are
you going where are you going you're
going to go see Jerome Powell hey don't
ask him for your money it's already been
devalued helicopter money that's the way
it goes all right hit that thumbs up and
I'll see you tomorrow take care